# About Covid-19-Tracker and Cognizant
People around the world are facing so many difficulties finding out the number of cases that each country has and also how many vacancies that a hospital or a health care center has in their city. So, in order to solve this problem, we are trying to implement an app that can track the covid-19 cases around the world and also the vacancies available in the city-wise hospitals so that the person in need can verify and can consult the respective hospital in his/her reach.

I can say that my time spent interning with COGNIZANT(CTS) resulted in one of the best hands on learning experiences I have gained. Not only did I gain a technical skill set, but I also had the opportunity to shape my soft skills. The atmosphere set my manager always welcoming and provided the right learning environment. Additionally, I felt like I was able to contribute to the company by assisting and working on various skills throughout the Internship period. The internship was a very useful experience as I have found out what my strengths and weaknesses are. I gained new knowledge and skills and met many new people. I achieved many of my learning goals in the analytics fields. These projects can serve as a foundation stone for other integration projects in the organization. The Analytics space is constantly evolving, and the pace of transformation is only accelerating as expectations increase for streamlined and transparent experiences, and IT environments grow more complex to support business initiatives.
